Patient calls on the care cloud phone number, allow patient to dial in payment option directly or talk with help desk
executive
 
1)    IVR Side:
 
        IVR script “Welcome to the automated payment line. Please tell us your account number.”
        Patient speaks the “account number”
        Send “account number” audio to AI team
 
2)    AI Side:
        Perform STT & Extraction of “account number”
        Yield “account number” (In text or Audio)
 
3)    IVR SIDE:
        IVR script “You entered “account number" if this is correct, please say yes to continue or no to re-enter
        Send conformation Audio to AI team
 
4)    AI Side:
        Perform SST of conformation Audio
        Classify it either yes or no.
        if Yes:
            System connects with database to confirms the patients “account number” and gather the information
            If “account number” is not confirmed from database then:
                YIELD “I am sorry, that's not a valid account number, Please try again”
            else If “account number” is confirmed from database then
                Yield: IVR script “You currently have a balance of “due amount” on your account. 
                        If you'd like pay in full please confirm by saying yes, to pay a different amount please tell us your amount after beep”
 
                IVR SIDE:
                     Send payment Audio to AI team
                     Perform SST of extract the audio and perform classification and extact the audio amount.
 
 
        if No:
            Yield "Ask patient to say the “account number” again"

    Patient Says No, Ask patient to say the “account number” again
    Patient Says yes, System connects with database to confirms the patients “account number” and gather the information
If “account number” is not confirmed from database then
IVR script “I am sorry, that's not a valid account number, Please try again”
If “account number” is confirmed from database then
IVR script “You currently have a balance of “due amount” on your account. If you'd like pay in full please confirm by saying yes, to pay a different amount please tell us your amount after beep” 
If patient says custom amount 
System get the custom amount audio.
If patient says yes
IVR  script "We accept all major credit and debit cards. Please tell  your credit card number after beep"
Patient tells the "credit card number"
IVR  script “You entered the "credit card number" if this is correct, please say yes to continue or no to re-enter”
Upon saying No, allow patient to share the "credit card number" again
On saying Yes
IVR script “Please say the 2 digit  month and 2 digit year of the expiration date as it appears  on your card”
Patient tells the "date" in the format mm/yy
IVR script “You said "date" if this is correct, Say Yes. or No to re-enter”
On saying No, allow patient to tell the “date” again
On Yes, system checks the date is valid or not (date >= todate ?)
If date is invalid then
IVR script “ I am sorry, that date you entered is invalid. Please try again”
If date is valid then
IVR  script “Please enter your cards 3- or 4-digit security code followed by the pound sign.”
Patient tells the "Security code“ (Optional)
IVR  script “You said the “security code”, if this is correct, Say yes. If incorrect, Say No to re-enter”
On saying No, allow patient to tell the “security code” again
On saying Yes
IVR  script "Please hold while we process your payment, do not hang up"
System sends payment request to the gateway (webservices API)”
If Payment is not successful on (1st attempt)
IVR  script “I'm sorry that's not a valid account number, please try again”
And transfer call to the “Step 7 IVR  script”.
If Payment is not successful on (2nd attempt)
IVR  script “Say No to speak with a representative or, Say Yes to transfer to service IVR, To end this call, simply hang up.”
Say No transfer call to the helpdesk
Say yes to transfer call to the service IVR
If Payment is successful
IVR script “Thank you for payment. Your payment has been processed. Your confirmation number is #####. again, the confirmation number is #######”
System connects with DB to update patient record with successful payment. (webservices / talkEHR API)
IVR script “Our records show you are calling from #######, if you would like a copy of your payment sent to this number say yes. if you would like to enter a different number say No .If you would like to skip this step say skip”
On yes send the text message on the #######
Receipt text (Thank you for your payment. Your confirmation number is [#######]. Please click here for a copy of your receipt. when they click- it opens a receipt and then they can print it- save a screen shot or email it to them selves) 
Sample receipt is attached in workflow for your reference
 
Say Yes to allow patient to enter the different phone number
IVR script “You entered “phone number" if this is correct, Say yes. Or Say No to re enter”
On saying No ,allow patient to re-enter the “phone number”
On saying Yes send the text message on the “phone number”
Receipt text (Thank you for your payment. Your confirmation number is [#######]. Please click here for a copy of your receipt. when they click- it opens a receipt and then they can print it- save a screen shot or email it to them selves) 
Sample receipt is attached in workflow for your reference
IVR  script “Thank you for your payment! If you are done, please hang up or  choose from  the following options: 
Say No to speak with a representative or, Say Yes to transfer to service IVR, To end this call, simply hang up.”
Upon saying No transfer call to the helpdesk
Upon saying transfer call to the service IVR